# Disclaimer {: .ui .center .aligned .header .big1}

<div class="ui section divider"></div>

Xcode provides genetic assessment services for informational use only and Xcode's reports
should be interpreted or used exclusively by professional practitioners including but not limited to
certified physicians, dietitians, nutritionists, sports therapists and others in similar profession
(Professional Practitioners). Xcode does not provide any direct or indirect medical advice to
individual patients and this report is to be interpreted only by a qualified medical or health
services professional in order to provide relevant healthcare advice.

Genetic information must always be considered in conjunction with other information about your
health such as lifestyle, family history, risk factors, biomedical data, diet, nutrition and physical
activity among several other factors. Gene mutation is not the only factor that influences the
health conditions or outcomes and there are several factors other than your genes such as the
environment and lifestyle that may influence your health outcome. You are responsible to
ascertain that your Professional Practitioner is qualified to consider the genetic information
indicated in this report in conjunction with all other information made available to him/her about
you including your family health history, lifestyle, bio-medical data and any other information that
you may provide to the Professional Practitioner. Xcode shall not be held responsible for any
misinterpretation by your Professional Practitioner of this Report or for any matter arising out of
this report.

Only full genome sequences are exhaustive. All other forms of genetic tests only provide a limited
subset of genetic information that has been found to be relevant to specific conditions. Since this
report is not generated by conducting a whole genome sequence test, the results reported are
limited to a specific set of mutations known to be associated with specific conditions. Genetic
information is also subject to revisions based on the latest advances in scientific research.
Therefore, it is possible that the interpretation of results reported herein may vary or be altered
subject to ongoing research. Sometimes, the interpretations may vary from company to company
based on which studies are being given a higher preference compared to others.

Xcode's role is limited to providing results of genetic test and providing a broad set of general
recommendations. More detailed recommendations that may be specific to you are to be made
by a qualified Professional Practitioners only. General guidelines provided in our report are for
information purpose only and strictly not for medical or clinical use. While assessing your genetic
parameters and providing the report and recommendations, we do not consider your past or
existing health conditions and or any medication taken by you (either in the past or currently),
even if you have provided us with such information. Our report and the recommendations therein
are to be acted upon only under the advice and supervision of a qualified medical or health and
wellness professional practitioner.

Your reliance upon the report is solely at your own discretion. As with all health and medical
related matters, you should exercise adequate care in using the information provided in this
report or on our website. Xcode disclaims any responsibility for any errors and/or omissions by
you or other persons either during collection of DNA samples or delivery of the DNA sample to
Xcode. We make no warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, without
limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy and
non- infringement. The information in this report is for Research Use Only (RUO) or Investigational Use
Only (IUO), meant to assist in further clinical diagnosis or treatment by Professional Practitioners.